Add release note for improved attribution for CC problems in lambdas (#36153)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

This information is captured for both class-based and non-class-based tests, and includes data published during test construction as well as setup/teardown phases.

<a id="config-cache"></a>
## Configuration Cache improvements

The [Configuration Cache](userguide/configuration_cache.html) improves build time by caching the result of the configuration phase and reusing it for subsequent builds. This feature can significantly improve build performance.

### Improved attribution for lambdas/closures in configuration cache problem reporting

> In previous releases, when a task contained multiple lambdas or closures - for example, `doFirst`/`doLast` actions, or `onlyIf`/`upToDateWhen`/`cacheIf`/`doNotCacheIf` specs -  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifying the source of configuration cache violations can be challenging when a task contains multiple lambdas or closures.
Common examples include task actions like `doFirst`/`doLast`, or task predicates such as `onlyIf`, `upToDateWhen`, and `cacheIf`/`doNotCacheIf`. 
```

> that captured unsupported types (such as a reference to the enclosing script), like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, if one of these closures captured an unsupported type (such as a reference to the enclosing script), the problem report was often ambiguous:
```

```kotlin
fun myFalse() = false

fun noOp() { } 

tasks.register("myTask") {
    outputs.cacheIf { myFalse() }
    outputs.doNotCacheIf("reason") { myFalse() }
    outputs.upToDateWhen { myFalse() }
    onlyIf { myFalse() }
    doLast { noOp() }
}
```    

> it was difficult to identify which specific lambda was responsible for a given configuration cache problem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In earlier versions, the report would reference a cryptic generated class name, leaving you to guess which specific block was the culprit:
```

![before-action-attribution-in-cc-report.png](release-notes-assets/before-action-attribution-in-cc-report.png)

The user was left wondering: *what lambda is `Build_gradle$$$result$1$1`?* 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The configuration cache report now includes the type of action or spec associated with each lambda, making it significantly easier to identify the source of the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with this release, the [Configuration Cache report](userguide/configuration_cache_debugging.html#config_cache:troubleshooting) now explicitly identifies the type of action or spec associated with each lambda. 
This provides the necessary context to pinpoint and fix the violation immediately:
```
